hi this is more daphay 2 release 4 i
here on the sum of the legs while I'm NATO
armament
assassin's test mask killer needles and a
next my blast of a minute and just me
the screensaver did not like just there is not
full image so ok let's go
our
by the way to the naginata hall
but it is given if you win it in
Generally Nick Duty who throw in music
fight magin then you just yen
utos and features
the fact that she has weapons and armor used
eat effectively
first round
yes what's up with that
habit not at home to fight here itself
countries the fact that wasps weapons can be but
take and pretty if this
defeat the hawk
who are you better morning yet
challenge challenges
you should
you must have naginata it
ios and
Oh damn well, just the effect to act and my
the neighbors themselves have a symbol of three
things
Wow, it's a draw. Wait for a Japanese girl.
conquered our health is not great
bent was I forgot we still try
in the third round finalize or second
chance of something going and chain bombs have
go further
third round
and damn he has this green garbage
restoration of health in ritual
masks such a life
well, which is still in the fox
so aggressive is excellent for you
stops
pressed against just about
give him all the length you give so
Okay, it was more Daphne 2 issue 4
So that so read shorter so and the most
interesting that washi
that is , filipchik received from the fan
the rest is not a fierce battle
so ok i widow i think widow i will let out
I'm already in about 54
so ok ax-5 the greatest temptations
okay it was it was more well fight 2
release 4
and we played with me subscribe
put likes like positive
comments and all so